=== Scan Results for ADManager_Plus_SBOM.json ===
Scan Date: Thu May  1 15:13:29 UTC 2025
===================================
NAME                     INSTALLED        FIXED-IN                   TYPE            VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY 
ajv                      5.5.2            6.12.3                     npm             GHSA-v88g-cgmw-v5xw  Medium    
babel-traverse           6.26.0                                      npm             GHSA-67hx-6x53-jw92  Critical  
bcprov-jdk15on           1.70             1.78                       java-archive    GHSA-8xfc-gm6g-vgpv  Medium    
bcprov-jdk15on           1.70                                        java-archive    GHSA-hr8g-6v94-x4m9  Medium    
bcprov-jdk15on           1.70             1.78                       java-archive    GHSA-v435-xc8x-wvr9  Medium    
bcprov-jdk18on           1.77             1.78                       java-archive    GHSA-4h8f-2wvx-gg5w  Medium    
bcprov-jdk18on           1.77             1.78                       java-archive    GHSA-8xfc-gm6g-vgpv  Medium    
bcprov-jdk18on           1.77             1.78                       java-archive    GHSA-m44j-cfrm-g8qc  Medium    
bcprov-jdk18on           1.77             1.78                       java-archive    GHSA-v435-xc8x-wvr9  Medium    
braces                   1.8.5            3.0.3                      npm             GHSA-grv7-fg5c-xmjg  High      
braces                   1.8.5            2.3.1                      npm             GHSA-cwfw-4gq5-mrqx  Low       
braces                   1.8.5            2.3.1                      npm             GHSA-g95f-p29q-9xw4  Low       
braces                   2.3.2            3.0.3                      npm             GHSA-grv7-fg5c-xmjg  High      
clean-css                3.4.28           4.1.11                     npm             GHSA-wxhq-pm8v-cw75  Low       
commons_net                               3.9.0                      UnknownPackage  CVE-2021-37533       Medium    
commons_net              1.0.15.0         3.9.0                      UnknownPackage  CVE-2021-37533       Medium    
cookie                   0.4.2            0.7.0                      npm             GHSA-pxg6-pf52-xh8x  Low       
cross-spawn              5.1.0            6.0.6                      npm             GHSA-3xgq-45jj-v275  High      
cryptacular              1.1.1            1.1.4                      java-archive    GHSA-x64g-4xx9-fh6x  High      
cxf-rt-rs-security-jose  3.2.2            3.5.9                      java-archive    GHSA-6pff-fmh2-4mmf  Medium    
debug                    4.1.1            4.3.1                      npm             GHSA-gxpj-cx7g-858c  Low       
elasticsearch            6.5.4            5.6.15, *6.6.1             UnknownPackage  CVE-2019-7611        High      
elasticsearch            6.5.4                                       UnknownPackage  CVE-2023-31418       High      
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *7.17.11, 8.9.0            UnknownPackage  CVE-2023-46674       High      
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.2, 7.2.1              UnknownPackage  CVE-2019-7614        Medium    
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.12, 7.9.0             UnknownPackage  CVE-2020-7019        Medium    
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.14, 7.10.0            UnknownPackage  CVE-2020-7021        Medium    
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.15, 7.11.2            UnknownPackage  CVE-2021-22135       Medium    
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.15, 7.11.2            UnknownPackage  CVE-2021-22137       Medium    
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.17, 7.13.3            UnknownPackage  CVE-2021-22144       Medium    
elasticsearch            6.5.4            *6.8.13, 7.9.2             UnknownPackage  CVE-2020-7020        Low       
esapi                    2.5.1.0          2.5.2.0                    java-archive    GHSA-7c2q-5qmr-v76q  High      
esapi                    2.5.1.0          2.6.0.0                    java-archive    GHSA-r68h-jhhj-9jvm  Medium    
guava                    25.1-jre         32.0.0-android             java-archive    GHSA-7g45-4rm6-3mm3  Medium    
guava                    25.1-jre         32.0.0-android             java-archive    GHSA-5mg8-w23w-74h3  Low       
httpclient               4.5.2            4.5.13                     java-archive    GHSA-7r82-7xv7-xcpj  Medium    
jackson-dataformat-cbor  2.8.11           2.11.4                     java-archive    GHSA-xmc8-26q4-qjhx  High      
json-path                2.4.0            2.9.0                      java-archive    GHSA-pfh2-hfmq-phg5  Medium    
json-smart               2.3              2.4.9                      java-archive    GHSA-493p-pfq6-5258  High      
json-smart               2.3              2.3.1                      java-archive    GHSA-v528-7hrm-frqp  Medium    
json-smart               2.5.1            2.5.2                      java-archive    GHSA-pq2g-wx69-c263  High      
json5                    0.5.1            1.0.2                      npm             GHSA-9c47-m6qq-7p4h  High      
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.12                    npm             GHSA-jf85-cpcp-j695  Critical  
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.21                    npm             GHSA-35jh-r3h4-6jhm  High      
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.11                    npm             GHSA-4xc9-xhrj-v574  High      
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.19                    npm             GHSA-p6mc-m468-83gw  High      
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.21                    npm             GHSA-29mw-wpgm-hmr9  Medium    
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.5                     npm             GHSA-fvqr-27wr-82fm  Medium    
lodash                   3.10.1           4.17.11                    npm             GHSA-x5rq-j2xg-h7qm  Medium    
lodash.template          4.5.0                                       npm             GHSA-35jh-r3h4-6jhm  High      
manage                   365                                         UnknownPackage  CVE-2021-43689       Medium    
markdown-it              8.4.2            12.3.2                     npm             GHSA-6vfc-qv3f-vr6c  Medium    
merge                    1.2.1            2.1.1                      npm             GHSA-7wpw-2hjm-89gp  High      
micromatch               2.3.11           4.0.8                      npm             GHSA-952p-6rrq-rcjv  Medium    
micromatch               3.1.10           4.0.8                      npm             GHSA-952p-6rrq-rcjv  Medium    
netty-codec-http         4.1.96.Final     4.1.108.Final              java-archive    GHSA-5jpm-x58v-624v  Medium    
netty-common             4.1.96.Final     4.1.118.Final              java-archive    GHSA-389x-839f-4rhx  Medium    
netty-common             4.1.96.Final     4.1.115.Final              java-archive    GHSA-xq3w-v528-46rv  Medium    
netty-handler            4.1.96.Final     4.1.118.Final              java-archive    GHSA-4g8c-wm8x-jfhw  High      
nimbus-jose-jwt          9.25.6           9.37.2                     java-archive    GHSA-gvpg-vgmx-xg6w  High      
node-fetch               1.7.3            2.6.7                      npm             GHSA-r683-j2x4-v87g  High      
node-notifier            5.4.5            8.0.1                      npm             GHSA-5fw9-fq32-wv5p  Medium    
okio-jvm                 3.2.0            3.4.0                      java-archive    GHSA-w33c-445m-f8w7  Medium    
opensaml                 2.6.4            2.6.5                      java-archive    GHSA-78fq-w796-q537  Medium    
parseuri                 0.0.6                                       npm             GHSA-6fx8-h7jm-663j  Medium    
poi-ooxml                5.2.5            5.4.0                      java-archive    GHSA-gmg8-593g-7mv3  Medium    
printf                   0.5.3            0.6.1                      npm             GHSA-xfhp-gmh8-r8v2  High      
rollup                   0.41.6           2.79.2                     npm             GHSA-gcx4-mw62-g8wm  High      
service                                                              UnknownPackage  CVE-2022-29583       High      
snakeyaml                1.17             1.31                       java-archive    GHSA-3mc7-4q67-w48m  High      
snakeyaml                1.17             2.0                        java-archive    GHSA-mjmj-j48q-9wg2  High      
snakeyaml                1.17             1.26                       java-archive    GHSA-rvwf-54qp-4r6v  High      
snakeyaml                1.17             1.31                       java-archive    GHSA-98wm-3w3q-mw94  Medium    
snakeyaml                1.17             1.32                       java-archive    GHSA-9w3m-gqgf-c4p9  Medium    
snakeyaml                1.17             1.31                       java-archive    GHSA-c4r9-r8fh-9vj2  Medium    
snakeyaml                1.17             1.31                       java-archive    GHSA-hhhw-99gj-p3c3  Medium    
snakeyaml                1.17             1.32                       java-archive    GHSA-w37g-rhq8-7m4j  Medium    
snappy-java              1.1.4            1.1.10.4                   java-archive    GHSA-55g7-9cwv-5qfv  High      
snappy-java              1.1.4            1.1.10.1                   java-archive    GHSA-qcwq-55hx-v3vh  High      
snappy-java              1.1.4            1.1.10.1                   java-archive    GHSA-fjpj-2g6w-x25r  Medium    
snappy-java              1.1.4            1.1.10.1                   java-archive    GHSA-pqr6-cmr2-h8hf  Medium    
spring-context           5.3.39           6.1.14                     java-archive    GHSA-4gc7-5j7h-4qph  Medium    
terser                   3.17.0           4.8.1                      npm             GHSA-4wf5-vphf-c2xc  High      
tomcat                                                               UnknownPackage  CVE-2016-5425        High      
tomcat                                                               UnknownPackage  CVE-2016-6325        High      
tomcat                                    *9.0.104, 10.1.40, 11.0.6  UnknownPackage  CVE-2025-31651       Unknown   
tomcat                   18                                          UnknownPackage  CVE-2016-5425        High      
tomcat                   18                                          UnknownPackage  CVE-2016-6325        High      
tomcat                   18               *9.0.104, 10.1.40, 11.0.6  UnknownPackage  CVE-2025-31651       Unknown   
tomcat                   9.0.102                                     UnknownPackage  CVE-2016-5425        High      
tomcat                   9.0.102                                     UnknownPackage  CVE-2016-6325        High      
tomcat                   9.0.102          *9.0.104, 10.1.40, 11.0.6  UnknownPackage  CVE-2025-31651       Unknown   
trim-newlines            1.0.0            3.0.1                      npm             GHSA-7p7h-4mm5-852v  High      
velocity                 1.7                                         java-archive    GHSA-59j4-wjwp-mw9m  High      
visual_studio            10.00.40219.1                               UnknownPackage  CVE-2014-3802        Medium    
visual_studio            10.00.40219.473                             UnknownPackage  CVE-2014-3802        Medium    
woodstox-core            5.0.3            5.4.0                      java-archive    GHSA-3f7h-mf4q-vrm4  Medium    
xmldom                   0.1.31                                      npm             GHSA-crh6-fp67-6883  Critical  
xmldom                   0.1.31                                      npm             GHSA-5fg8-2547-mr8q  Medium    
xmldom                   0.1.31           0.5.0                      npm             GHSA-h6q6-9hqw-rwfv  Medium    
xmlsec                   2.3.0            2.3.4                      java-archive    GHSA-xfrj-6vvc-3xm2  Medium

Vulnerability Summary:
Critical: 0
High: 0
Medium: 0
Low: 0
